ResourceDetectors.Container: Removing Support for .NET Framework 4.6.2 (#1536)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.ResourceDetectors.Container/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed .NET Targeted Frameworks to .Net's Minimum Supported Version.

Reviewer: I'd add here. Instead of .Net Framework 4.6.2 and .Net Standard 2.0 targeted assemblies, only .Net 6.0 targeted assembly will be provided.

## Unreleased

> * Changed .NET Targeted Frameworks to .Net's Minimum Supported Version.
>   Instead of .Net Framework 4.6.2 and .Net Standard 2.0 targeted assemblies,
>   only .Net 6.0 targeted assembly will be provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Breaking** Changed target framework from .NET Standard 2.0
  to .NET 6.0. It drops support for .NET Framework.
```
